No matter what has happened. No matter what you’ve done. No matter what you will do. I will always love you. I swear it.
Just a cupcake looking for a stud muffin.
I don’t care how hard being together is, nothing is worse than being apart.
The most painful goodbyes are those which were never said and never explained.
I’ve realized that the Beatles got it wrong. Love isn’t all we need—love is all there is.
You’re still a little kitten that looks at my eyes, wanting love in this cold world.
I’ve been waiting hours and I’ll be waiting for hours more, till my love arrives and my heart’s fulfilled.
When you fall for someone’s personality, almost everything about them becomes handsome and beautiful.
Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Before you, I never believed in forever. Now, I know that is not long enough to spend with you.
Can anything be more valuable than our love? Since you are with me, my only measurement is in heartbeats.
While heaven must surely mourn the loss of one of its own, we mere mortals celebrate your grace.
When I miss you it seems every song I listen to is about you.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.
Silence is the most powerful scream.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Sometimes you never realize the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
When I miss you I re-read our old conversations and smile like an idiot.
Every time I see you I fall in love all over again.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way because God makes no mistakes.
My silence/smile is just another word for my pain.
I don’t have much to give you. I’m not a rich man. What I can promise is that everything I do will be for you, always.
Without you in my life, I would be incomplete. I pray that I should never know such pain.
I love you with the breath, the smiles and the tears of all my life.
If you can’t get someone out of your head. Maybe, they are supposed to be there.
Perfect has 7 letters and so does meeeeee. Coincidence? I think not.
If life is not smiling at you, give it a good tickling.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
No matter how strong of a person you are, there’s always someone who can make you weak.
It hurts when you have someone in your heart but not in your arms.